right it's difficult to me because it
depends on how how confident or how
comfortable you are playing against the
bounty a party and then he since the
career pack yeah he doesn't actually
know that this century's here he's
actually leaving him in here right now
he has no idea he's in the center of it
right now highlight I gonna go down for
a first one again for the second time
that we've seen today in Z first blood
he gets the rebuttal kill and then he
just creates space everywhere on the map
despite the fact that he's I'd it
doesn't seem to faze him at all it feels
like he's just kind of okay with the
fact that he's dying he's like alright
that's meant to happen in boba tries to
lift him onto the high ground the Tucson
has dropped as well why is getting below
the heel by Z freak is going off but one
more hit will do if I broke up but he
might actually be given up as well and
the West rack is able to get the last
hit but quick why it's actually going to
come in from the back tornado an EMP
land 10 right click should do it and
again we just see rebuttal kill after a
rebuttal kill four mouths I was going to
say I was going to say it not a whole
lot of ways to get out in zfreak
immediately starts the TP they know that
fly is down there but not in the best
position to get him either and actually
the TP comes in from the lion wait who's
coming in the tombstone is dropped mrs.
the stun does connect with his own and
blacks actually coming out from the side
as well looks like he just wants to get
this quick kill and go for the less rack
again and that would be the worst thing
for in the world for disease but he's
actually able to walk out of there but
still again their gank rotation was
caught out and the double support that's
supposed to stick together was able to
get caught out in middle swindle gets
hit by both and do they have the damage
for this he's actually jumping quite low
the cold snap goes off as well as e3
coming in from the south with the heel
unable to do anything the undying TP is
well kind of canceling out the rotations
from complexity and again it just feels
like mouths is kind of outmaneuvering
them right now so they true I fell like
that swindon loans could have survived
that actually tall weigh on top quick
you going to get gone
as well the studs get it connected with
him as well Moo meander is able to pick
up the last hit and finally we see some
good rotations I feel it's very always
fine yeah it was it was very good to
stay in to this game it was very
important when it flies gonna get gone
out as well he's completely out of mana
one more white cliq should be able to do
it he does that the shuriken toss as
well that'll be the last hit and that's
a bounty hunter track kill as well
swindle melons is going to come in do
they have the detection firms and I
think it's very important that they
stick to doing that yeah I guess the
problem for them and the main reason why
they're not doing it is just because
they're devoting so much time to kind of
clearing out their own jungle and so in
this middle lane this should be the big
fighters way to step forward with the
stun the call down is going to connect
as well in the middle of all of this is
quite far with this bkb and swimming
melons is going to go down as wrong the
damage is just too strong by quick fun
another track kill is going to come the
way of Z freight they should be able to
catch up to this as well one hit should
be able to slow them down just enough
the stun connects as well and z Frick is
going to go down and that decay on that
enchantress evaporates or HP and tornado
is going to connect on the dragonknight
as well no TP now for swindle melons
this should be another track kil moon
meander still there is trying to just
get his teammate out of there and black
walking around and moon actually manages
to get the hook shot off and he's
actually doing the this is the you know
the sacrificial titanic song Roman is so
window melons goes the other way but he
actually gets a stun off remember wine
before he's able to get the hex or the
stun and he actually follows up swindle
is going to get caught out here and if
this is a kill as well the fact that
moon meander came back to be able to get
this and wait who still has his finger
of death as well it's going to fly there
goes another track kill a four-man one
at that as vulgar rocks in just for the
experience of the track kill and mouths
being able to pick both of those off a
924 gold change over to heroes I know
the bad exchanged overall I just feel
like I went the less rack actually
commit suicide because I think yeah
quite code was in position yeah
especially after the last small serious
though
the pretty much the way they played is
exactly like this step get the ages they
go vaya ground they need one track and
culture actually going high ground is
still has quite some trouble just rigo's
he doesn't have enough HP to sustain you
know like the two new place that they
have it rubric hits him with a new left
shark isn't it with a new then you have
the brief fire he's just gonna drop
quite low so using the gyrocopters
effectively why and actually just gets
tracked and the black candle known is
able to get the kill on zfreak I wasn't
even prepared to commentate that because
I didn't expect that and that's just the
sign of things to come and before the
fight even happens the GG is called they
realize what's going on the rushing
right now at them as they do manage to
pick up the kill on quite club but
that's only the agus and GG has already
been called me and so game one goes to
mouth and man that that was about as
dominant as a game that you're expecting
from them and at the beginning though
things went pretty well right we saw the
first kill come on from The Enchantress
onto the bounty hunter and you thought
to yourself okay that's a really good
start for the Enchantress but then
things just kind of spiral